samples: peripheral: radio_test: Add nRF7002 DK support (#9136)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/peripheral/radio_test/README.rst

You can use any one of the development kits listed above.

.. note::

>    On nRF5340 DK and nrf7002 DK, the sample is designed to run on the network core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On nRF5340 DK and nRF7002 DK, the sample is designed to run on the network core.
```

  west build -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_ipc_shell.conf -DSHIELD=nrf21540_ek -Dremote_shell_SHIELD=nrf21540_ek

.. note::

>     Above examples are applicable for |nRF7002DKnoref| as well, please use the board name nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpunet in the commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can also build the sample with the remote IPC Service Shell for the |nRF7002DKnoref| using the ``nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpunet`` build target in the commands.
```
